okay force the proper as you do that too never yeah we don't break the
rules the goal yeah yeah the rules are there to protect you check the
ship that the okay so the best thing about it all one to break the
rules or break the rules look at them examine them study them and
figure out the situation that requires a waiver that's your responsibility
so the teams responsible it's your responsibility as a leader
yeah it says we can only say you know metric units when we're gonna
re fuel from the British ships do I have that you're getting probably
should go get that how you getting all that you need to read the
full so they know when the time comes that you do ask for waiver well
you will have done that yeah past there's a pretty good offer in that